# JustEat-Takeaway-Stock-Analysis-by-Python
To view the Python codes used for the project, the **JustEat Takeaway stock analysis.ipynb** file could be opened via Jupyter Notebook.
The main objective of this project is to analyse the stock of Just Eat Takeaway (JET), a large enterprise in the online delivery market, by conducting technical and fundamental analysis in two separate sections. By doing so, it is expected to provide results that could support the decision of investors who are interested in the company. 
Although the performance of a company's stock could be affected by multiple factors ranging from macroeconomics to microeconomics level, this project only focused on examining minor novel factors including the adjustment in the performance of JET's competitor in the same industry, the FTSE100 index along with fundamental factors such as JET's capital structure, income statement and strategic development plans. 
The full report is separated into two parts which were technical analysis and fundamental analysis. In the former part, various technical analysis methods were applied with the support of Python such as descriptive analysis, regression and correlation analysis and time series analysis. As a result of the prior analysis, forecasts were generated using 5 common methods to predict the stock price of JustEat Takeaway so as to support the investment decision of investors.  In the latter part, data from JET's annual report within the period between 2019 and 2021 were collected to generate infographics that support the analysis of the company's income statement, capital structure and strategic plans. 
For further details, the report can be viewed in the **JustEat Takeaway Analysis report.docx** file.
